README.md, before:

barebones setup for JavaScript / Node projects replace this with a one-liner phrase describing this project or app

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/bd9d57d9ad4f4568ab85d467404e7d2e)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/BuildForSDG/team-013-QualifiedTeachers?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=BuildForSDG/team-013-QualifiedTeachers&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)
[![Codacy Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Quality-D-red)](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Quality-D-red)


## About

This application seeks to provide inclusive, equitable and quality education to all people, globally by testing teachers competence in their respective fields. The solution will help subtantially increase the supply of qualified  teachers in communites with little or no availability of quality education.

The solution will also enable teachers to apply and test their quality experience on their relevant subject matters which distinguish them from others and set them for stakeholders approval while also serving as a sourcing tool for stake holders in need of qualified teachers in the educational sector.



## Why

According to the Director-General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), about 13 million children and youths have not been going to school especially in regions like Seria which has been affected by continous outbreak of war.

Nothern Nigeria has also been greatly affected by the constant attacks of Boko Haram which has left many displaced.

Since 2015, UNESCO’s regional response has focused on “Bridging Learning Gaps for Youth,” with
gains made in increasing access to post-basic education, providing psycho-social support and
skills, and opening up non-formal pathways to learning.

This Solution helps implement this framework by serving as a sourcing tool for organizations like UNESCO to get competent teachers for communities and also serves as a tool for teachers who are willing to test their expertise as well as making themselves available for jobs within their communities.

Solution solves the Problem 4 (Quality Education) of the SDG (Building a solution that will help substantially increase the supply of qualified  teachers in our community)

## Usage
 How would someone use what you have built, include URLs to the deployed app, service e.t.c when you have it setup.


## Setup

Install `npm` or `yarn` if you dont have any of them already installed. We recommend Yarn though

After clonning the repo to your local machine and moving into the cloned folder, Run `yarn install` to get started by installing dependencies. 

`src/index.js` is the entry to the project and source code should go into the `src` folder.

All tests should be written in the `__tests__' folder. There's a sample in there.

This starter uses [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/getting_started.html) as the bundler. It is much simpler that WebPack and the others

#### Hints

- Run `npm install` or `yarn install` to get started. We'll assume you are using Yarn.
- Install additional dependencies: `yarn add <dependency-name> [-D]`
- Run tests: `yarn test`
- Run tests with test coverage info: `yarn test:cover`
- Check the codebase for proper syntax and formatting compliance: `yarn lint`
- Run your app in local dev mode: `yarn start`. This puts the bundled app in a `dist` folder, set up a local web server at localhost:1234, and continues to watch for your code changes which it syncs with the local server. This means if you loaded the app in a browser, it will auto-refresh as you code along. Feel free to use whatever bundler best meets your needs. Parcel was only added as a sample and for those looking for a simple but effective solution to the hassle of bundlers. 

## Authors

Mentor
-Edewor Onyedika
TTL
-[Taiwo Sunday](https://github.com/taiwosunday99)
FrontEnd Engineers
--[Dosumu Ayomide](https://github.com/ayor)
-[Taiwo Sunday](https://github.com/taiwosunday99)
-[Daniel David](https://github.com/danndav)
-[David Akpan](https://github.com/thedavyloper)
Backend Engineers
-[Ifere Okibe](https://github.com/jioblack)
-[Shedrack Ajaegbu](https://github.com/Theshedman)
-[Anjorin Olufemi Benjamin](https://github.com/anje123)
-[Opeyemi Idowu](https://github.com/ohpeyemi)

## Contributing
If this project sounds interesting to you and you'd like to contribute, thank you!
First, you can send a mail to buildforsdg@andela.com to indicate your interest, why you'd like to support and what forms of support you can bring to the table, but here are areas we think we'd need the most help in this project :
1.  area one (e.g this app is about human trafficking and you need feedback on your roadmap and feature list from the private sector / NGOs)
2.  area two (e.g you want people to opt-in and try using your staging app at staging.project-name.com and report any bugs via a form)
3.  area three (e.g here is the zoom link to our end-of sprint webinar, join and provide feedback as a stakeholder if you can)

## Acknowledgements

Did you use someone else’s code?
Do you want to thank someone explicitly?
Did someone’s blog post spark off a wonderful idea or give you a solution to nagging problem?

It's powerful to always give credit.

## LICENSE
MIT

Commit message:

updating the Usage on README.md file
This commit illustrate how both applicants and programmer can use the Felt Teachers app.

README.md, after:

barebones setup for JavaScript / Node projects replace this with a one-liner phrase describing this project or app

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/bd9d57d9ad4f4568ab85d467404e7d2e)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/BuildForSDG/team-013-QualifiedTeachers?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=BuildForSDG/team-013-QualifiedTeachers&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)
[![Codacy Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Quality-D-red)](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Quality-D-red)


## About

This application seeks to provide inclusive, equitable and quality education to all people, globally by testing teachers competence in their respective fields. The solution will help subtantially increase the supply of qualified  teachers in communites with little or no availability of quality education.

The solution will also enable teachers to apply and test their quality experience on their relevant subject matters which distinguish them from others and set them for stakeholders approval while also serving as a sourcing tool for stake holders in need of qualified teachers in the educational sector.



## Why

According to the Director-General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), about 13 million children and youths have not been going to school especially in regions like Seria which has been affected by continous outbreak of war.

Nothern Nigeria has also been greatly affected by the constant attacks of Boko Haram which has left many displaced.

Since 2015, UNESCO’s regional response has focused on “Bridging Learning Gaps for Youth,” with
gains made in increasing access to post-basic education, providing psycho-social support and
skills, and opening up non-formal pathways to learning.

This Solution helps implement this framework by serving as a sourcing tool for organizations like UNESCO to get competent teachers for communities and also serves as a tool for teachers who are willing to test their expertise as well as making themselves available for jobs within their communities.

Solution solves the Problem 4 (Quality Education) of the SDG (Building a solution that will help substantially increase the supply of qualified  teachers in our community)

## Usage
How will the community make use of this app?

Comunity can make use of this app first by registering, and only qualified teachers are allowed to apply.
After successful registration, prospective teachers are required to undertake a test to ascertain their knowledge.
The test and other critiria (e.g. interview etc.) would be used to determine if a prospective teacher is qualified or not.
Qualified teachers are linked to job placement opportunity within their communities.
Both qualified and unqualified teachers are provided learning materials to improve their knowledge and unqualified teachers are allowed to re-take the test after a stipulated period.
Interested applicants can visit this site on https://upbeat-swartz-8c7a8c.netlify.app/

How will a programmer make use of this app?

Get started by cloning the repo git clone https://github.com/BuildForSDG/team-013-Frontend.git
change into the directory: cd team-013-Frontend
Install yarn package manager (optional if you prefer npm)
Start server: yarn start
Start liniting: yarn lint
Once the server is started you can us Postman or any other testing tool to test the endpionts.
Jest: For runnung tests. We strongly recommend that JavaScript projects use Jest.
Yarn: For installing nodejs packages. (optional if you prefer npm)
Eslint: For formating code to javascript standard.
Babel-node: For transforming es6+ to es5


## Setup

Install `npm` or `yarn` if you dont have any of them already installed. We recommend Yarn though

After clonning the repo to your local machine and moving into the cloned folder, Run `yarn install` to get started by installing dependencies. 

`src/index.js` is the entry to the project and source code should go into the `src` folder.

All tests should be written in the `__tests__' folder. There's a sample in there.

This starter uses [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/getting_started.html) as the bundler. It is much simpler that WebPack and the others

#### Hints

- Run `npm install` or `yarn install` to get started. We'll assume you are using Yarn.
- Install additional dependencies: `yarn add <dependency-name> [-D]`
- Run tests: `yarn test`
- Run tests with test coverage info: `yarn test:cover`
- Check the codebase for proper syntax and formatting compliance: `yarn lint`
- Run your app in local dev mode: `yarn start`. This puts the bundled app in a `dist` folder, set up a local web server at localhost:1234, and continues to watch for your code changes which it syncs with the local server. This means if you loaded the app in a browser, it will auto-refresh as you code along. Feel free to use whatever bundler best meets your needs. Parcel was only added as a sample and for those looking for a simple but effective solution to the hassle of bundlers. 

## Authors

Mentor
-Edewor Onyedika
TTL
-[Taiwo Sunday](https://github.com/taiwosunday99)
FrontEnd Engineers
--[Dosumu Ayomide](https://github.com/ayor)
-[Taiwo Sunday](https://github.com/taiwosunday99)
-[Daniel David](https://github.com/danndav)
-[David Akpan](https://github.com/thedavyloper)
Backend Engineers
-[Ifere Okibe](https://github.com/jioblack)
-[Shedrack Ajaegbu](https://github.com/Theshedman)
-[Anjorin Olufemi Benjamin](https://github.com/anje123)
-[Opeyemi Idowu](https://github.com/ohpeyemi)

## Contributing
If this project sounds interesting to you and you'd like to contribute, thank you!
First, you can send a mail to buildforsdg@andela.com to indicate your interest, why you'd like to support and what forms of support you can bring to the table, but here are areas we think we'd need the most help in this project :
1.  area one (e.g this app is about human trafficking and you need feedback on your roadmap and feature list from the private sector / NGOs)
2.  area two (e.g you want people to opt-in and try using your staging app at staging.project-name.com and report any bugs via a form)
3.  area three (e.g here is the zoom link to our end-of sprint webinar, join and provide feedback as a stakeholder if you can)

## Acknowledgements

Did you use someone else’s code?
Do you want to thank someone explicitly?
Did someone’s blog post spark off a wonderful idea or give you a solution to nagging problem?

It's powerful to always give credit.

## LICENSE
MIT
